# driverpass

The client for the DriverPass project was Liam, the owner of DriverPass and his IT guy Ian.
The system we were supposed to design was intended to be training software with online test and classes, along with the ability to schedule driving courses. 
One part of this I felt I did particularly well was the business requirements document. I felt I had broke the transcript down as far as I could given the parameters of the document and listed all out all the functional and non-functional requirements. I'm not saying there aren't more, but I think at the very least I captured all the obvious ones.
If there were a document I would want to revise it would probably be the UML class diagram. I had a hard time trying to establish how to connect the drivers to the packages to the customers. Implementing the users was the easy part. I would spend more time trying to come up with better object classes to simplify the program...I think there could have been a separate class entirely for the actual appointment.
To interpret the user's needs and implement the into the system design, I read and reread the transcript until I felt I understood the basic requirements needed, then tried to imagine what I as a user of the system would need or want to see. It is important to consider the user's needs because the user is the person interfacing with your software the most and they need to have as few problems with it as possible since a business might depend on this system. 
When I'm designing a program for myself I usually just dive in and start writing methods and classes until I figure out how to do what I want...but when designing for a project I try to sketch out basic relationships and models and flow charts to get the creative juices flowing before I start implementing anything. I also tend to look at similar projects or programs to see if there are any points of inspiration or anything I can borrow to jumpstart the code.
